c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\MagicScores2.dll.config
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\MagicScores2.dll
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\MagicScores2.pdb
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\obj\Debug\MagicScores2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\obj\Debug\MagicScores2.dll
c:\users\mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\obj\Debug\MagicScores2.pdb
C:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\Magic.Core.dll
C:\Users\Mark\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\Magic.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Mark\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\MagicScores2.dll.config
C:\Users\Mark\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\MagicScores2.dll
C:\Users\Mark\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\MagicScores2.pdb
C:\Users\Mark\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Mark\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\Magic.Core.dll
C:\Users\Mark\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Mark\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Mark\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Mark\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Mark\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Mark\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Mark\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Mark\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Mark\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Mark\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Mark\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\Magic.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Mark\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Mark\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Mark\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Mark\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Mark\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Mark\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Mark\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Mark\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Mark\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Mark\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\obj\Debug\MagicScores2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Mark\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\obj\Debug\MagicScores2.dll
C:\Users\Mark\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\obj\Debug\MagicScores2.pdb
C:\Users\Fukata\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\obj\Debug\MagicScores2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Fukata\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\obj\Debug\MagicScores2.dll
C:\Users\Fukata\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\MagicScores2.dll
C:\Users\Fukata\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\MagicScores2.pdb
C:\Users\Fukata\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Fukata\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\Magic.Core.dll
C:\Users\Fukata\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Fukata\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Fukata\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Fukata\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Fukata\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Fukata\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Fukata\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Fukata\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Fukata\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Fukata\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Fukata\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\Magic.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Fukata\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Fukata\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Fukata\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Fukata\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Fukata\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Fukata\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Fukata\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Fukata\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Fukata\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\obj\Debug\MagicScores2.pdb
C:\Users\Fukata\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\MagicScores2.dll.config
C:\Users\Fukata\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\nunit.framework.dll
C:\Users\Fukata\Documents\GitHub\Magic_MH\MagicScores2\MagicScores2\bin\nunit.framework.xml
